This is a head gum original.
Are you going to open it?
No, I'm going to do it for a second.
Lovely day for a dance hit.
Um, this is me trying to get sponsored by an air against it.
Kind of New York's longer.
And how long have you been drinking?
Please.
It's been about, um,
huh.
Seven years?
No way.
Can you spell that out?
Can I spell there against it?
Okay, let's see.
Um, N-A-R-R-A-G-A-N-S-E-T-T.
Turn out a little bit.
The other way?
Yeah, I mean, it wasn't as hard as I did.
Yeah, it was pretty phonetically.
I said it's a lovely day for a dance hit.
Okay.
With some pals.
All right.
Okay.
This is supposed to be, this is our second ever in person episode.
We've set up the zoom in such a way that it's barely editable.
Mm-hmm.
So AB on your A game.
Where?
B.
Enjoy.
You know, we have this kind of live energy in a way.
This is awful.
Every time I say, I can't leave because if I stand up, then the headphones will shock you.
Yeah, it's awful.
So I do feel like I'm actually held here against my will.
Just really cool.
That is not, I'm not going to say that's something I set up, but it is a fortunate.
Yeah, it does.
Yeah, it kind of makes sense.
Thank you.
For this show specifically, yeah.
Cheers.
We should say this.
To 20 on a Thursday.
Yeah.
Love, which is a lovely time for a dance hit.
On its other white lock, she doesn't like beer.
You said it's a logger.
You said that was disgusting.
Yeah.
I am not a beer gal.
I won't pretend to like IPAs or anything like that.
I don't.
Oh, shocked you.
No.
I don't my face.
Of course.
So every bad thing is happening here.
Yeah.
I love this.
This is my favorite episode already.
This is already one of the worst episodes we ever had.
Yeah.
Because there's only three of us.
Again.
Yeah.
That's a combination that other people don't want to join.
People just weren't in the office.
Mm-hmm.
Because it was us three in the office.
We said maybe she should record an episode.
Yes.
That's a glad they would happen.
I know we know I'm doing it for them.
And the thing is, we didn't, like, how do I put this?
We were, yeah, we didn't prepare her.
But that's what makes it good.
That's what makes it.
It's on its toes.
You can feel how fragile it is.
Yeah.
Sort of my sweet spot.
That's sort of the, um, the batter's box in a way.
Okay.
Because I'm ready to, uh, slam against it.
Stop, stop talking about against it.
It's been a bit of come my personality.
You can talk about other things.
All right.
Name a topic.
I'll talk about it.
Okay.
What did you eat for lunch today?
Trick question.
What are you talking about?
How did it taste like a hero?
Okay.
Great.
Let's talk about heroes on it.
Yeah.
I think Turkey, Chipotle, Mayo.
Okay.
Gouda.
I hate that you're ending this like you're being accused.
I just want this because it's a combination.
When they turn into a cross, it's supposed to be fun.
You asked us to ask you things.
You know what?
I don't like is like the fucking defense, uh, the ball of the fence being the zoom
that I'm not in the physical room with you guys.
Yeah.
Now we've actually cornered you.
I don't appreciate it.
Oh, we're going to really get into it today though.
Meaning let's really get to know one another.
We should say John is hired full time now, which is, uh, unbelievable.
Grat.
We knew what happened with the last time you were on the show.
You hadn't been hired yet.
No.
I also graduated college.
Very cool it with the applause.
I'm just trying to give her her do.
Yeah.
But we can save it like till the end, right?
That's true.
Because you are just asking.
Um.
I like the applause.
The also last time we talked, you had to, like,
like, cram an entire yoga course into a weekend.
Yeah.
How did that go to your past?
I did pass obviously because I graduated.
Right.
Um, I didn't actually do all of the yoga that I was supposed to do.
Um, and my teacher was very, very, very gracious and gave me an A-minus.
Cool.
It's interesting.
No way.
You would be fine.
No exactly.
And I need to email her and thank her.
It's just like, I've been busy.
But yeah.
Thank you.
Well, it was your great point, average.
Is this shit?
It's going to matter in the rest of your life.
She's already hired.
Amazing.
Like next company, they're going to ask again.
Trust me.
No, they only have to worry.
5, 10 years down the line.
They keep asking.
I don't think so.
You've never been 5, 10 years down the line.
Yeah, I know.
But I figure as much.
Haha.
So you guess.
Do you?
What?
Why?
What's your 39?
No.
You put that on your eyes.
It's not much to brag home.
It's the right home about.
Yeah.
What's the opposite of a braggard?
Like someone who kind of openly projects a braggard.
Bad information about themselves.
Self-deprecation.
A sagger.
Like a sagger.
A sag after a braggard.
I don't know.
But you finished up.
Yeah.
With a GPA of what?
Like a 3.3 3.4.
I think.
Like a lowest GPA in college.
About any of us.
That was 3.2.
That's not bad though.
You know how many C's I got?
Because I did in my G's.
How many C's you got?
Like, five, nine.
What were your G's?
That's what you asked.
Random ass number calling nine.
I don't think I was nine.
Geology.
Obviously.
Okay.
See.
Cool.
Because that's actually the one thing that I get insecure about.
I found it.
Sorry.
I said, see.
Okay.
Pick one though.
Hmm.
Linguistics.
You've been speaking English your entire life.
There was from being honest.
A freshman math seminar.
The mathematics of gaming.
Okay.
That seems way more like interesting.
Like you learned how to count cards.
I didn't get to see in that one.
I got it.
It was easy because it was kind of like learning how to con.
To cut, come to con.
Oh.
So it was like card game mathematics.
In a way.
Like shape of my heart.
Sting mathematics.
It was like board games.
Every week was a different type of game.
Okay.
Just looking really, really, really not liking your energy.
That's the most energy I've brought.
No, yeah.
That we did a Vegas month.
Okay.
You went to Vegas?
For a month.
Yeah.
It was just a month.
For that class.
Yeah.
Well, expense paid.
No way.
No.
It was just in class.
But we did talk about doing a class Vegas trip for a weekend.
And then our professor, Sanjay was kind of like, you guys are.
I would go for the gaming.
But not all of you guys are 21.
So you're not going to be able to get in the casino.
I cannot endorse 18 year olds going to casino.
And I actually ended up.
And now, keep in mind that this guy is, you know, son of an immigrant.
Brown.
Of course.
Yeah.
You know, doing the incredibly well for himself.
I did petition to get him fired.
Fire.
Yeah.
Extra diet.
I was like, get out of the, kind of.
Like, you came from, you know, and, uh,
Not bad.
No.
100%.
Because everybody has me that.
And it felt so good to dish it out.
To dish it out.
Just take it.
At least you're honest with yourself.
We're all college graduates.
Yeah.
VA or BFA.
Um, B.A.
Nice.
B.A.
Me too.
Yeah.
B.F.A.
But yeah.
See, I was going to say weren't you a film major.
I just wanted to be a part of a group.
Yeah.
The F.A.
Well, no, no, no, no.
Because you guys were.
Yeah.
Oh, but honestly, this is all turning out to be BS.
Uh-huh.
That's funny.
Funny.
I guess.
Not, I guess.
Just say if it's funny or not.
Um.
All right.
So how long have we been doing this fucking thing?
Why all of a sudden, the sour attitude, man.
It's not all of a sudden.
Oh, by the way, the fact that you say sour all the time has made me say sour.
Wait more in my life.
Um.
January and almost at the end of January.
Yeah.
Um.
How are you guys looking forward to beach season already?
Hell yeah.
Yeah.
I am.
No.
And then if you say no, you're looking to be it.
I guess so.
I don't look like an idiot.
I'm kind of looking forward to beach season.
Why?
Why are you kind of looking?
I don't like the beach.
You don't like the beach?
Not the beach.
So fast on it.
Do you like mountains?
What are you like?
What's your bag?
I love mountains.
All right.
I love the water.
I love the sand.
And I love the sun.
So you love the beach.
Oh, no.
I fucking hate the beach.
You don't like when they're all together.
You like sand independently of the sun and water.
No.
I like it when sand water.
Like even like the crisp air.
Like then what do you not like about the beach?
Desert.
You want a desert oasis.
No.
That's like.
That's too much.
That's nothing.
But I like I really like the water.
Especially being like right by the coastline.
That's the beach.
You're describing a beach.
But you're saying you hate beaches.
Don't understand why we're confused.
Not.
I guess it was kind of pink.
What do you think a mountain is?
Because you said you love mountains and then you're describing beaches.
Oh, mountains like an elevated natural land form.
Okay.
Correct.
And then a beach.
Got it.
So Johnny does like the beach.
But you're not excited about beaches because why it's too far away.
Yeah.
I actually really, I genuinely don't enjoy the beach.
It's a little too boring to me.
I mean, if I wanted to sit around on the sand or just sit around anywhere.
I'd sit around anywhere.
Do you not swim?
I don't swim because of what it's too cold.
I agree with that.
I don't really swim either.
Exactly.
So why do you go to the beach?
Because I like to lay on the beach and look hot.
If I wanted to sit and be bored on hot sand.
I would never have left the basement that my parents kept me in.
Do you want to talk about it?
Do we need to talk about it?
I'm already out of it.
Yeah, obviously.
But that kind of trauma does not just sit with you when you're there.
It kind of follows you for the rest of your life.
Well, you did say you have therapy after this.
You want to unpack this?
Not really.
That's not my job.
Are you thinking about the therapist should?
I lied to my therapist all the time.
You're paying money.
Because I don't have enough trauma.
What have you said?
What have I told you?
I'm sure you've looked.
What?
I was, honestly, purposely, flunked in a lot of my classes.
Those sees I was telling you about.
It's because people were out to get me.
And then I could make up these back stories about how professors you know,
tried to get me expelled.
And again, this right by me, you try to get something gone.
Is 100% sure.
So I like flip things that I do to other people.
So first off, back thing was to clean down a flight of stairs.
And I told my therapist that was me.
That got kicked.
Okay.
To what end?
What does matter the end?
Because the ends justify the means.
And I don't know what the means are until I do them.
Does that make sense?
Like, I'm only me every day.
And it happens to be that I create these,
this chaos, these horrible acts.
Okay.
So you like to be able to perform,
I guess, in front of your therapist, right?
Like, kind of put on these like little facades for them.
Not perform as much as outright lie.
Okay.
To get my money's worth.
Because if I just told her what happens in my actual life,
she'd be like, you're fine.
You know, so there's like, I need to get advice that I can actually apply.
Okay.
Well, have you applied any of this advice?
What?
Okay.
Well, for example, one of them was don't kick tweens.
That hasn't necessarily manifested in my everyday life.
Okay.
You're getting your money's worth.
Well, you're a bad person.
Everybody needs to be in therapy.
They say, so I'm giving it a fucking shot.
And you know what I'm saying?
I was just lying the whole time.
Yeah.
No, I did set up.
You've seen these free COVID tests.
Like, booths and volumes work.
Yeah.
What?
What are you going to say?
I set up a station in a tent.
And I said free COVID tests.
They were dangerous.
Yeah.
Can you explain what a station is?
It was like a banner, I think.
A some kind of banner that said free COVID tests.
And then people came out of the tent.
And I was like, you know, do the swab and everything.
It was just a cute tip.
I don't know the tests.
It was dummy tests.
And they were dummies for coming me to test.
Do you realize these people are kind of fearful for the lives right now?
Yeah.
These kind of jobs.
It's not like, okay.
Wow.
And now the T word comes out.
Yeah.
Because I look like Sanjay.
Honestly not.
I learned that room with another Sanjay look alive.
My God.
I can't wait till he shit can't.
I really can't.
We're all people of color.
Yeah.
How does that meant?
What?
The one thing I ask of you guys is don't bring up the see thing or interrupt me.
That's the one thing.
That's two things.
Oh.
Yeah.
That is.
If you guys feel comfortable with it.
What?
What's your.
What's the race you would rather be?
Probably be white because I get a lot of free shit.
And I get to hang out with like,
have dinner parties.
What do I do?
What do other white people do?
Um.
They play Can Jam.
A lot.
They play.
They do skirt the law.
They read Cam Jansen.
Cam Jansen.
Yeah.
The woman with the girl with the photographic memory.
I don't remember.
One with the photograph.
You know.
No.
Yeah.
I do know.
I know hoarder.
I love hoarder.
I didn't record.
I was a little too advanced for that.
What'd you?
No David.
Have you ever?
What?
No David.
What was that?
I love no David.
What is no David?
No David is a book.
That's not about David.
No.
It is about David.
It's a picture book.
And every page, it says no David.
And this child is a dentist.
The dentist type.
He's pushing over fish bowls.
No David.
If he's like pulling a cat's tail.
And it just goes like that.
And at the end, it's yes, David.
Because like, he feels bad for all he's done.
And then there's like a kind of redemption arc.
And at the end, it's yes, Daddy.
I don't know.
I don't know how to.
I just go about the silence.
Get that out of the way.
You guys are acting like saints.
I will.
New work.
Two New Jersey residents.
Not residents, but a lot.
Really.
Okay.
And my question is that you guys are kind of scrutinizing
every decision I make.
I think saying, you know, casting judgment that I shouldn't set up.
What you guys called terrorist.
Yeah, you shouldn't do that.
Okay.
Bad idea.
What do you guys do that's morally questionable?
Morally questionable.
Yeah.
I mean, I've been.
So I have a lot of like guy friends.
And they all have girlfriends.
They're all in relationships.
Lizard.
For having friends.
All right.
We've got to be friends with single guys.
I guess.
I mean,
not really my decision.
I'm really happy for them, too, by the way.
Really.
Yeah.
So I've been telling their girlfriends any time they come over.
And like, we're all hanging out.
And like, let's say my friend has to go to the bathroom.
I'll tell her, like, hey, you should probably paint your nails soon.
Fuck.
Get to nails painted.
I don't know, like, what's going to happen.
But like, I feel like I have a good feeling.
You should probably get your nails painted.
And then they get their nails painted.
Get the whole manning petty thing.
Then like weeks go by.
Nothing happens.
That's so fun.
You think that they're getting ready to be proposed.
Like, you're instilling the idea they might get proposed.
Yeah.
And I mean, I don't think it's really that morally questionable because at the, like,
right at the start, they're like, oh, my god.
Like, oh, something else.
You think you're making people happy.
Yeah.
I mean, I see it in the face.
I'm voting.
They're like, care.
And they give me a big old hug.
Like, that means a lot to me.
So it's more like questionable.
Because in the end, they're left off worse than before.
They were out of stasis.
You gave them a high and they end up in a low.
Yeah.
Like, do you see that?
Well, like, I said, I have a good feeling.
So it's not, like, I'm really, I'm not giving them anything concrete.
But you don't see how that could make someone think they're about to be proposed to.
Or something great's going to happen.
A trip or something.
I don't know.
I mean, I think that's why he does it because you do think about it.
Yeah.
I think that.
I mean, I don't, I guess, like, it's in the back of my mind.
Like, oh, like, this could mean, like, you're getting proposed to.
But like, I don't know.
Like, if you tell somebody, like, I have a good feeling about you.
Like, doesn't that make them feel good?
I feel physical and comfortable.
I guess be for yourself.
I feel like in some way, this is deeply misogynistic.
That can't.
That was easy.
Um, this show is webby worthy.
What episode?
It's actually going better than I thought.
Mostly because I've gotten me to confess.
And you to confess to morally reprehensible hobbies, really.
Okay.
Gianna, what's something morally potentially more morally reprehensible that you do?
I was going to bring up the group chat that we have in the fact that half of it is.
No, let's not.
Let's not bring it up.
No, no, no, no.
I'm not in the group chat, but we don't bring that up.
Yeah.
We don't have to talk about it.
Yeah, we don't.
Okay.
But everything you say and do in that group chat is morally reprehensible.
It's pretty bad.
Yeah.
Like we're not being like.
No.
No, but I would.
Oh, yeah, man.
I don't know.
Usually it's like a mistake when people do.
Yeah.
Like if you had said, yes, it would have been like, yes, but like I made a huge mistake.
Well, like, I feel like when everyone's like cheating on like a test.
Like there's like, oh, I cheated on the test too.
Oh, that was so sweet.
But that's not the same thing.
Yeah.
Because you're hurting someone instead of just like, you know,
increasing your academic success.
Well, I mean, like, the teacher's kind of hurt.
Aren't they?
No, the teacher's not correct.
And if they do, they suck.
Hmm.
That's what I said.
If I was going to be.
Here's the thing about if I ever end up being a high school teacher,
I'm going to be like, you guys are all getting good grades.
Like, you know, if the worst you'll get is a V-minus or something like that.
And you don't have to come at all.
But if you come, show up and to learn and we'll learn and you'll get an A.
And you know, I'll figure it out with the administration.
This is your halfway through the market period.
Why?
Why didn't you tell us this shit on syllabus week?
Also, you're drinking in there against it.
Can't do that.
I had a teacher like that, Loki.
Shout out Mr. Lee.
Yeah.
Oh, from high school.
From high school.
He used to give me when I would skip other classes.
I would like go to his class and he would write me like a late pass.
To make it.
Wow.
And where is he now?
I think he's still teaching.
I think he was a fired.
Yeah.
Well, I thought he was like, I thought he was like,
I thought he was serving like a five year sentence.
Yeah.
Don't ruin this for me.
Don't ruin this for Lee.
Yeah.
All right, Jeffrey.
Do you have a segment?
We do have to take a break.
And then I'll move it back with.
I think the best segment I've ever come up with on this show.
Cry.
Is something preventing you from achieving your goals
or interfering with your happiness?
Well, check out better help.com slash.
What's that?
Better help will assess your needs and match you
with your own licensed professional therapist
where you can connect in a safe and private online environment
that's so convenient.
You can start communicating in under 48 hours.
And now it's not a crisis line or self help.
It's professional counseling done securely online.
You can send a message to your counselor anytime
and you'll get timely and thoughtful responses.
Plus, you can schedule weekly video or phone sessions
all without ever having to sit in an uncomfortable
waiting room.
Better help is committed to facilitating great therapeutic matches.
So they make it easy and free to change counselors if need be.
It's also more affordable than traditional offline counseling
and financial aid is available.
The service is available for clients worldwide.
Meaning you can find the particular expertise
that you need without limiting yourself to the counselors
located physically near you.
Better help has licensed professional counselors
who specialize in depression, anger, stress,
family conflicts, anxiety, LGBT matters,
relationships, grief, self esteem,
sleeping and trauma and much, much more.
And you can check out the testimonials posted
to their site daily.
So everyone here at Hed Gum,
we all want you to start living a happier life today
and as a listener of the Hed Gum podcast,
you get 10% off your first month
by visiting our sponsor at betterhelp.com slash,
what's that?
Join over 1 million people who have taken charge
of their mental health.
Again, that's betterhelp.
HELP.com slash, what's that?
Thanks, Better Help.
And we're back.
You guys are going to love this.
I wrote this specifically for you
and if you don't like it.
Sorry about it.
Put a ton of work into it.
I wrote this specifically for us
in like the 30 minutes that you were.
Right.
Yeah.
It was like a half a day.
Let's call it.
Okay.
Because I started it like one 10
and it was just 220.
I guess.
I always forget how long this song is.
Maybe you should shorten it.
Get a different one.
Welcome to West Alps or West's apps.
Okay.
So you guys know the Alps.
The mountain range.
This is with Alps.
Yes.
Some of them.
The Western Alps is kind of like it encompasses all of Monaco,
the southeast corner of France and some of.
So you guys know the Alps.
The Western Alps is kind of like it encompasses all of Monaco,
the southeast corner of France
and some of Switzerland.
Fine.
Okay.
Right.
And then.
West's apps.
Any questions?
I'm guessing it's Kanye West's apps.
Right.
Yes.
Or appetizer.
Yeah.
In the second one.
So basically.
You have to think that EA eats out almost every day.
Okay.
Especially with, you know, Julia.
Yeah.
He's trying to press it.
What a fox.
That's really good.
Um.
Yeah.
So it was good.
It's hard because like I'll never.
I'll ever find somebody like Fox.
Yeah.
What a little on the legions.
Cause you're just a bad person.
Earlier today.
Imagine it.
I tweeted earlier today that if taking her surname was all it took,
I would take really James's last name.
Mm hmm.
But she hasn't seen the tweet.
Yeah.
And so he probably will never.
Well, I was trying to add her because she doesn't have a Twitter.
So I was trying to find her agents.
Uh.
So that's bad.
Yeah.
They, I mean, it's their job to kind of monitor.
They're going to monitor it.
Probably put you on like a list.
Yeah.
Probably like a black list.
What about like a brown list?
So it's like because I'm brown.
Yeah.
Obviously.
I get like the pun and everything.
But like they're definitely going to black list you from like future.
Hollywood stuff.
Vars.
I didn't explain the game.
It's West Alps or West Saps.
So I want to either list a town.
Okay.
In the Western Alps.
Or an appetizer that Kanye West might have eaten at some point.
Vars.
Keep in mind, he eats at very fancy restaurants.
That's a town.
Vars.
That's correct.
Vars is a town in the Western Alps.
Okay.
I don't know how you pronounce this.
Or gorgeous.
That sounds like an app to me.
I don't know.
That's going to be a town in the Alps.
Wow, gorgeous.
All right.
What about bread?
Oh.
Okay.
This has to be a trick question.
Like an app.
Kanye West App.
That's a Kanye West App.
Because a lot of times.
I don't know how often you guys heat out.
They'll bring, you're going to have to order it.
They bring bread.
We.
Yes.
I don't know if you're going to say something.
Corn fritters.
Okay.
That's an app.
Correct.
Okay.
And this is the best segment you got.
We had 40 minutes.
We weren't supposed to record today.
Yeah.
We weren't supposed to record just today.
Great.
That was a good one.
Yeah.
Gap.
That's a town in the Alps.
Correct.
Okay.
Dean.
That's a town.
Correct.
Snacks.
Snacks?
Yeah.
That's not an app.
Nor does it, though.
That's going to be an appetizer.
Snacks?
That's just.
You can't order snacks.
What do you mean is an appetizer?
Do you mean if not snacks?
I.
You're not.
You're not wrong.
But you need to be specific.
Because you can't.
You don't go to a restaurant.
You order snacks.
I.
Okay.
I feel like this.
What about bonchon?
At Korean barbecue.
That's just snacks.
I don't.
Do you go to bonchon and order snacks?
You go to Korean barbecue and order bonchon.
Bonchon snacks.
Almost.
You said almost.
It's so it's not.
I don't know the direct translation.
I just know that I get bonchon.
It's a bunch of snacks.
As apps.
This is not how I wanted this together.
I feel like this game could have been interesting.
If you would like.
Take in the names of like fancy foods.
You know, like French.
No, of course.
Of course.
And I think he knows this.
Yeah.
No.
Taken.
What about Alps?
Alps.
Yeah.
Is a city town?
No.
It's not a city or a town.
It's like more of a region.
How was that wrong?
Ha ha ha ha.
How about this?
Pate.
That's an app.
Yeah.
I thought that one would get Johnny.
What about Oops?
Oops.
Yeah.
That's.
Town.
Correct.
Or a region or whatever the hell.
It was a.
Well, now it's incorrect if you're changing it.
It was actually on time.
Oh, okay.
I feel like for all intents and purposes.
Region town and city can all be the same thing right now.
Because the other option is food.
Yes.
What about apps?
That's an app.
All right.
I can see the energy.
I can feel it.
Maybe they can feel it on the video or not.
Yeah.
The energy shifting.
Not in my favor.
What about free juice?
Free juice?
Like free juice?
Or free juice?
Free juice?
Free juice.
Okay.
That's a town.
Yeah.
It's going to be a town.
That's going to be maybe the southernmost part of the Alps.
It was the fucking hand action.
You look at your pressure.
Really?
What about bad juice?
Bad juice?
Yeah.
That's a town.
I guess.
It's got to be a town.
That's going to be Bay's juice, if I said it slower.
Gross.
Because she is snack.
Oh.
If you're in a relationship, by the way, major healer.
Savor every last sip.
Of the relationship, every sip of your partner.
I hate that.
Enough.
Wow.
If you guys hate that, then you're not going to like any of the rest of this.
That's just...
Move on.
That was...
You just...
West Alps.
Or West Alps.
And I had a lot of fun with that.
You guys brought absolute poison to the table.
And I can't believe it went this way.
I'm starting to get mad.
Don't sing.
Don't sing in your bad.
Johnny, you brought in the second one.
Yeah.
So...
I think this podcast...
Yeah.
It is really good.
No.
He's a little too big for it's breaches right now.
And we've all done some morally dubious things.
Yeah.
So call me an optimist.
But I really do think that we're going to mess up really, really soon.
Do you want to get it?
Do you want to intro song?
Do you have an intro song?
Yeah.
Go for it.
Oh.
Like having done this one in a while.
That's a good one.
Yeah.
I hope it fits again.
It doesn't.
Oh.
It's very yeast.
Is there ever a bit to be used?
Oh, no.
I just thought it'd be fun to have a drink.
I like that.
Yeah.
It's good.
Okay.
So in this segment, I wanted to see if you guys could help me write a notes app apology.
Yeah.
I do figure that I'm going to need it at some point.
So here's what I have so far.
I'm going to go the line by line.
Okay.
And feel free to stop me if I'm going in like the wrong direction.
And I really do urge you to stop me.
So I can better hone in my apologizing.
I already feel like it's going to be bad then.
But let's hear it.
Yeah.
Because you shouldn't.
You should.
If you're presenting it to people, it should have gone through a couple of drafts.
How many drafts was it?
This is one.
This is kind of just freestyle.
I did like.
I did write a sentence.
Oh, I'll rework that sentence.
Are you apologizing for anything in particular?
Well, no.
I think like, this is could be like a catch all for anything that I do.
Anything.
I think any already never mind because it should be specific to the situation.
Yeah.
You need to be taking accountability.
And listening to like why you did something wrong.
I wrote about that.
Got it.
Okay.
Let's just do it.
So I'm not perfect.
And neither are you actually.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Because that's like even if that's true, it's a given.
You don't want to say it.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
So just just take the second fragment out.
I'm continuing.
The.
I'm not perfect.
Mm-hmm.
You can keep that.
That's good to admit guilt up to.
Okay.
Yeah.
Just don't say that about someone else.
Okay.
All right.
Next line.
I've been listening.
I've been seeing what everyone has to say.
Actually, we should add like sad music underneath every time I start apologizing.
They can do it in post.
All right.
I've been listening.
I've been seeing what everyone has to say.
And I waited till general discourse slowed to a crawl before finally making a
statement.
What is an apology really?
Sounds too sad.
This is a fun apology.
No, it's not.
It's already not a catch all.
Let's let's just plug and play something horrible you did.
Right.
Let's maybe say you made disparaging comments about one of your colleagues who happened
to be a woman.
Okay.
It was me.
Yeah.
We'll use you as an example.
I mean disparaging comments about me all the time.
Don't okay.
Well, I think a fun apology because it's not fun.
Everything you've said so far has been dire.
Okay.
You kind of want to make it fun because you're not having fun.
You're not supposed to have fun.
You're a dog house.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, when you read someone's no top apology to like you feel like kind of sad
when you're walking into like reading it.
So I wanted like this is in the next line.
Yeah.
I'm going to leave this post better than when you walked in.
Okay.
It's not a physical space.
Two sentences in a row.
You mentioned walking into an apology.
It's a nose app.
Post.
Yeah.
Okay.
So it's good.
No.
I take that.
Take out fun apology.
Take out the last sentence as well.
Fun apology was like one thing that you were really.
I was really happy about it.
Like obviously it's like not fun to you.
Whatever.
Maybe it all keep it in.
What I did was funny.
Can we agree?
Cut.
Not that part for sure.
It wasn't funny if you're apologizing.
Yeah.
Okay.
I get why people are upset.
What do you want me to say?
I'm sorry for being fun.
No.
You're just gaslighting every.
Better to not post this at all.
Hmm.
But like we can like rewrite this a few more times.
And then we'll probably get it to like a place where you can at least live in
the drafts.
All right.
Okay.
Oops.
So I do that for you.
Three times in a row.
Oops.
How did you think that this was good to present?
How long did this take?
It took me like 30 minutes.
Okay.
I'm glad it wasn't more than that.
It's still your better judgment.
Okay.
And then like in the middle of the post, we're going to have an ad break.
Of my own psychology.
Who's the ad?
Who's the company that you had maybe sponsored this,
fun policy by three free meals with hello friends.
No way for free using promo code.
Now you're making money off the traction of a public apology.
Yeah.
No more code notes.
Obviously it could be whatever.
attention to the fact that it's a notesap apology.
I mean, I work with advertisers.
They want to know where it came from.
So using the promo code notesap, they can
track it on the victim, the person you've heard.
Not a major conglomerate.
Yeah, food delivery service.
It's great, right?
No, it's not.
No.
You're not hearing it, because it's keep going.
Will I change?
Well, ask me in five years.
No, my god.
Till then, can we really predict the future?
If you keep going on a tangent about the future?
Well, I mean, I think everyone's thinking about the future, right?
Not when they're reading notesap apology from you.
By the way, in this case, you must have done something at least where there was news about
it, because you're posting this.
Right.
There was a lot of discourse.
Well, I mean, it slowed a lot.
Like I waited until people stopped talking about it to bring it up again.
Why would?
Because like it was too much, like everyone was kind of coming at me from all sides.
So you're not so worried about the victim.
You're worried about how you felt, because usually it's like we want to wait till
everything dies down because you want to try apology.
My post.
It's my notesap.
You're moment.
I'm moment to shine.
Okay, so future, great.
So far, I think we've kept of the sentences you've said, we've kept four.
Well, I'm not.
Well, we're editing the other ones.
I think like in every draft, like you kind of have to rewrite pretty much everything, right?
No, usually you just like, you whittle down as the idea.
So like the last couple of drafts you don't have to do much.
Okay.
So this is the first one.
It's almost a total rewrite, which is fine.
I've had to do that before.
That's not surprising.
Let's keep the rest of it.
Anyway, I'm a good person.
The blame should really be shifted somewhere else.
The situation in Iran is getting really crazy.
That's where that energy should go.
So do not review yourself, or emphasis, don't ring foreign policy into it.
You're politicizing and monetizing a public apology for a horrible wrongdoing that you
did.
It's going to get likes.
A lot of views.
It's going to, at the very least, the people who were mad are going to see it.
Okay.
And by the way, I did read over your shoulder earlier just a little bit.
That sentence.
I'm pretty sure.
You're original draft.
And I'm glad you made this change.
I don't think it should be Iran.
But it was originally going to be Coney, 2020, too.
Yeah.
10 year anniversary.
Why don't we talk about that?
Yeah.
No.
But I didn't.
I wouldn't have been as ever green because I wrote 2022.
And after 2020.
What if Iran's fine?
Yeah.
What if it's fine?
It's also not ever green.
Like, America's going to meddle in Iran for some reason.
Why are we writing an ever green apology?
Yeah.
Because we're going to need it.
Trust me.
We.
I'm not a part of this.
Maybe like.
Ask me in five years.
And actually, you are cancel for something in post.
But like a ballad.
And you're like, by the way, thanks to my buddies, Gianna.
We're really helping me through this entire process.
And writing this apology.
I haven't talked to Gianni in five years.
There's more.
There is.
We're about to close it.
Till then, peace and love to my fans who have stuck by me.
And to my haters, I offer you nothing.
Later, y'all.
Honestly, I kind of fuck with that lad.
You can't give him that.
His haters hate him for a reason now.
That's true.
You can't say it's a good one.
I like that energy on a general on a general note.
Yeah.
I think in this situation.
I'm looking at notes apologies.
Really good.
I think let's just do kind of a recap on what to change.
Not only about the notes, but about you.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's all ears.
It doesn't feel like it.
But yeah, let's go.
Number one, don't create evergreen apologies because apologies should be singular to each person that you wrong.
Okay.
Number two, I would say actually don't maybe don't go public.
Maybe reach out to the person individually so that they know that you actually give a shit.
And think about them instead of taking it as your moment to monetize and exercise.
Yeah.
Okay.
And then for this is just more on a microscope for this apology, I would cut everything other than I'm not perfect.
You don't even say I'm sorry.
Oh, you try to solicit forced or switched blame.
You try to shift it to a struggling country.
Oh, I know I didn't say I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for being funny.
Yeah.
Let's do it.
I'm not perfect.
I'm sorry.
That's it.
Maybe.
What about the ruins?
The oops is really.
Absolutely.
Well, I do challenge you guys to write a better note-up apology.
Because I am trying because that's what's most concerning.
I was going to say once we transitioned away from the recap is that I like we're here for you.
Yeah.
I'm glad you guys are here.
Just hear us out because you might not like the cost of it.
Is that we're here for you for an edited over you need.
And you have a support system.
Yeah.
You don't have to make these links by listening.
You're not listening.
You're not.
Is that maybe you don't make these like big swing cries for help on public forums.
We're like 40,000 people are going to see this.
Okay.
And they're going to think that you're doing well or that this is a comedy bit.
We're here with you.
We know you personally that this is an actual cry for help.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's not.
It's not all right.
That's what we're saying.
Well, regardless, I'm glad you guys were here to help me brainstorm.
Because these celebrities, they who do these notes have apologies.
They do have full PR teams.
And we don't have that kind of luxury.
You, not we.
You keep saying we.
I don't want to be able to do.
Yeah.
Because also this kind of supposed is that something like that.
So you have a PR team or something.
No, I don't.
Exactly.
So we don't have that luxury.
But we don't have any skeletons in our closet.
I also want to clarify that even though it sounds nice, I'm not really a part of
your support system.
Oh.
Okay.
So I'm.
Fuck.
This is like a real kicking teeth.
But teeth.
Yeah.
But it's nice.
It's not nice.
You're on the verge of tears.
This is.
I think we should probably cut to a break.
We did this again.
We did this last week.
I've never done it.
But now we're doing it two weeks in a row.
Let's just kind of regroup.
And we'll come back and wrap this up.
Okay.
So fuck.
Guys, you know my problem with edibles.
Sometimes you get so high.
I mean, it can really be difficult to control the dose.
And there's nothing worse than being baked out of your mind when you didn't plan on it.
And, you know, once you eat it, there's no going back.
You just sit there, suffering, stone out of your mind.
That's why when I need the perfect medium high, I hit up my friends at Diet's smoke.
For their delicious Delta 8 THC gummies.
So what is Delta 8?
Delta 8 is a slightly less potent THC.
The THC you're probably most familiar with is Delta 9.
And while both are natural to the cannabis plant,
Diet's smoke extracts their Delta 8 from hemp.
Some may call this a loophole.
I call it the secret recipe to getting a smooth, stable,
and most importantly, legal high.
Diet's smoke is legal in most states.
And it's non-prescription.
Just check Diet's smoke's website to see if they ship their delicious gummies to your state.
Now you're probably asking yourself, does Diet's smoke really get you high?
Of course!
The high you get with Diet's smoke is best described as somewhere between the chillness of CBD
and that classic stone feeling you get with regular weed.
Diet's smoke isn't light, it's just right.
Plus, Diet's smoke comes in two delicious flavors.
Blue raspberry and watermelon.
Now, I always love blue raspberry flavored things,
but Marieka can't get enough of watermelon, man.
I say try I'm both.
Each gummy isn't fused with 10 milligrams of Delta 8 THC derived from American grown hemp.
And you know what they say by American?
Get high with American.
Also, Diet's smoke's Delta 8 gummies are low in sugar, fat free, and delicious.
And did I mention their legal?
So when CBD isn't enough and traditional THC is too much,
enjoy the smooth buzz of Diet's smoke.
Go to dietsmoke.com and use promo code Sam.
For 20% off your order, that's Diet's smoke.
promo code Sam.
For 20% off and as a special offer,
Diet's smoke's coupon code can be used on every order.
Diet's smoke's Delta 8 THC gummies are not for use or sale
to people under the age of 21.
Please use responsibly.
Thanks, Diet's smoke.
And we're back.
Let's go.
Can you please?
I'm back on the saddle baby.
Apologize, ready to go.
What's the next way?
Go!
What's the next way you got?
Let's go.
What are you talking about?
When we were testing the micro levels,
you specifically said that you were not going to scream.
Yeah.
So I probably flipped pretty bad, but it'll be worth it.
Oh my fucking God.
It's been 40 minutes.
Let's wrap things up.
Plugs, Gianna, what are you going on?
What do you want to point the people to?
You're so, um, follow me on Instagram, at Gianna.
Spell that out for the people.
I'm going to fucking spell it out.
You bet you're as I'm going to spell it out.
Okay.
I'm trying and the break.
Teared up.
Yeah.
A little back.
I'm ready for another 50 minutes of this show.
Oh my.
Yeah.
Follow me on Instagram at Gianna.
G-I-O-N-N-A.
Proposed marriage to the comments.
It's true the comments.
Yeah.
I'll do that.
Two me in the comments.
And we should say you're in a gainfully employed relationship.
You're not going to do that.
No.
I'm not going to say anything back.
But I think it's a little, it's, it's a little game that we have gone on.
People enjoy it.
Okay.
Sure.
If that's the bit that you're going to go with.
Dog and play the show.
This cat and mouse game.
Proposed marriage in the comments.
Yeah.
Especially the women who listen to this podcast.
Yes.
Especially the women.
You have to say my name first.
Gianni.
I'm motioned with my eyes because we're in the same room.
Okay.
Finally.
I do have a plug.
Follow me on Instagram at
Gianni V.
J-O-H-N-N-Y-V-I-I.
Follow me there.
Where my notes have a apology?
Might be.
You're going to post it?
Probably.
We should post the amended version and it's even worse.
So yeah.
Go check out Gianni's Instagram.
That's also my plug.
Is that Gianni V.
Your memes are hilarious.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
No shade on Gianni.
But also like.
You don't post memes.
Yeah.
I actually am considering unfollowing the meme accounts that I follow.
I think they're.
They flood my feed and it's too much.
Yeah.
And they're not ever funny.
Or things that I need to be a part of.
I feel like anymore.
I feel like it's a good.
I do follow a lot of accounts.
I follow a lot of bad meme accounts.
Yeah.
Because I think it's just good to see.
Like, oh, the people are laughing at these things.
Like, that's what it says me off.
I think about it.
Is that like, I'm just like, this isn't anything.
Like, we were just talking about this.
I feel like last weekend was like of NBA Twitter and NBA Instagram of just like,
Lebron kind of has a misstep or like steal somebody's like water.
And then gives it back to them two seconds later.
And everybody's like 10 crylap emojis.
They're like straight comedy.
And I'm like, no, it's not.
He's kind of goofy.
But if he was in a room with normal people and wasn't the best basketball player of all time,
nobody would think that's funny and it's not.
That's what I think that's why it's so.
It's so funny.
That is like a metal level.
On a metal level.
Yeah.
And then the metaverse.
We've been to the metaverse.
Yeah.
Nobody knew who you were.
The metaverse.
That's so cool.
That's true.
Why did that actually resonate?
That was like fuck.
That's what you said in Lebron and he really affects him.
Yeah.
No, I think you've seen footage of the metaverse, right?
It's janky as fuck.
It is.
Have you seen the grocery shopping video?
No, I love that.
Oh, we can create an entire great world.
And then you're doing the same old shit you can't afford the grocery.
It makes no sense.
It looks the graphics are horrible.
This is what companies are delving.
Billions of dollars.
It's also just VR.
Like they're acting like it's this groundbreaking technology.
And it's just VR.
And I got a little fucking VR headset for Christmas when I was like 15.
Yeah.
I hung out with Marika in a VR chat room in like 20, 20.
And Nike putting money into that experience.
I can't imagine that.
Yeah.
I mean, no, no shade to Marika.
But that was one of the worst experiences.
I saw an article.
And I don't mean to keep us going for this.
Oh, I'll cut this out, but yeah.
Okay.
So it'll be a tight product.
But you can spew nonsense.
Yeah.
All right.
Whatever.
I've read an article.
That was saying that Facebook or sorry.
I should address it by it's new name now.
Meta meta.
Meta just patented a technology that will track your eyes.
And also the way your body moves in VR in the VR space to serve you ads,
which is insane.
That's awful.
Yeah.
It's literally so crazy.
So like I guess if you like move a specific type of way,
like you'll get ads recommended based on that.
So I guess like if you move like you have like joint pain.
Yeah.
Like the fuck.
If you limp when you move,
there was actually this woman in England.
I think probably like in the late 80s early 90s,
I think.
And she patents in the Robert.
She was.
No.
It's just.
I guess so much for listening to this episode of the head
come podcast will be back again next Friday again with the weight bands.
And this was great.
I think we all had a great time.
Especially at the end.
The ending was probably the worst part.
Yeah.
I agree.
Thank you.
No.
That was a hit thumb originally.
You